Well how are you my people, how are you? I
'm really busy, really busy, really
busy with the
video thing, okay, I have
or I
know that my tongue is itching, my
tongue is itching but I have one thing that I'm going
to keep quiet about, I'm going to keep quiet about until
next week because it's a
huge thing, it's a tremendous achievement for me, it's
something that I've wanted to do for a
long time and well, anyway, no, I'm not
going to say anything to anyone,
absolutely no one, until
the day comes because when things are
said, they get ruined, okay, but you're going to freak out,
seriously, whatever you can imagine, worse,
freaking out, okay, and apart from that, well, thank God, thank
God although I don't believe in
God, but well, I have three or four, I
have three or four promotions, I
have a little account that I have
a few to do, reconcile,
stock promotions and such, so
nothing,
Julia or affiliate, I have to record a video,
in fact, for the main channel for
tomorrow, but I was almost going to record it
now, it wasn't going to be direct because I was going to
finish at two.  three in the morning
so I'm gonna be direct I'm gonna see if
I cover all the Salcedo issues that
I have pending play a little play
a little bit this guy from El Capea get
a little pissed off then record the video
on the main channel pissed off
as God intended but before I start I
have to tell you one thing
before I start I have to tell you one
thing
what happened that they
always don't stop sending me salsa
the group and that is that we have a new channel that you
all have to be subscribed to that you
all have to be subscribed to
and the channel is is is okay it just it just it
by the way the channel to publish a video
from what I see okay one talks about his
relationship with ar and gameplay eye eye
eye this channel is great this
channel is going to be very busy on the internet
this channel is going to be very busy on the internet
so everyone who's watching
this if I don't forget because I always
forget I'll be leaving the
description but if I forget to
look for it manually damn look for it
manually today a
very funny thing happened very very funny I
have it here recorded recorded because my
experience as a boomer my experience
as a boomer my  experience as
[Music]
salt channel whether or not it makes me think
that I have to capture things, I have to
certify them many times and I have to
record the screen many times because
after a while things disappear what has
happened well look what has happened is that
Mr. cheto has really skated again
really with all due respect with all due
respect I have nothing against
cheto okay we didn't have a fight
two or three years ago on twitter
[ __ ] it wasn't a slip-up similar to the one he
had with me today
but I don't have a personal one against
the fact the world of salsa is
over but we have to recognize him we have to
recognize that he should learn from his
mistakes because the same type of thing always happens to him he
screws up insults says
crazy things astro vela and thank you
very much he says he says senseless things he
starts insulting instead of
arguing and then he ends up
apologizing deleting tweets and
saying more sometimes he gets lost
others were there h3 that you always skate
always leave the same thing always happened to him
the thing is worth it all begins  with a
quote from my friend Lorena many of you will
know she is
not my wife she is a youtube
Lorena the app the law is ok she is a
lovely girl and very good people in
which she quotes this video that someone uploaded
to twitter it is a tick tock by mega mar you already
know friend Max okay in which they say
something that bothers someone okay and
she quotes it saying but why are they
jaite ando if she is right I do not
understand let's watch mega
max's video the tic toc meaning he runs to I am going to
use the word we you do not
have it is about inclusive language
inclusive sorry that it is correct or that it makes
sense Spanish is a language
that derives from Latin and that has
existed for millennia and now it is you
and because of your big balls of which the
RAE is sexist because it lines and does not
accept words like us and
inclusive language and above all supports it
this is the same as always not that of the
progressives not localities and others it does not turn out to
be
what are they saying like the RAE does not accept
because it is complete [ __ ]
inclusive language we already have the  letter o
that encompasses all genders, you don't have to
put one it's it's a load of nonsense
from the progressives, not the typical ones, and
then it's that they have a dad, dad, to be a
problem for something else,
nataniel, thank you very much, thank you very much,
welcome, and here he calls me with
all the reason in the world, he is explaining it to you
very well, he has increased very
well, he has argued, you will tell me, is
the problem with this guy? It's
quite ridiculous, it's totally ridiculous,
and it's also totally ridiculous that he says
that since the RAE is not the sixth, the
RAE is sexist
because the RAE, that is to say, Spanish, which
by the way is one of the most
complete and most spoken languages ​​in the
world, already has the ending o as a neutral language, that
is to say, we, we, it
is not designating the masculine gender
but rather it is designating the
neutral gender to tuca
and well done and well done where nobody
calls him because nobody has called him and he says
if he smells your dick from here
this expression so that he doesn't understand it
is something that the allies use a lot,
I don't know why he uses this,
okay, well, yes, I know why he uses it
because quiet  he gets into these things
to feel this is a
personal opinion okay to feel integrated into
the good group that you give okay that they
want the good ones remain you can support
all these little things the
inclusive language and such and another different victor is taken
saying that his dick smells this is
just the erte thing the dick and so on is a
thing that progressives say in reference
to people who say things that to them
are not the same
stupid thoughts that they have okay your
dick hurts as if you were an old man as if you were
an old man something like that means no
and put the next tick tock of
megamaq ter because you call him black which
is if there is a non-binary person I am going
to call him so that he is not
offended if that person who defines themselves as
binary genders
thanks to fran g thank you very much he is
absent when you call him by the
neutral gender it is his problem why
because there is a concept that he does not
understand I am going to explain to you with an
example thinking that a black person is going to be
offended because you call him black is
racism why is that person going to
refuse no  It has to offend for
being black because she is black she is white no
I think she is not black so she is not
going to get offended when you call her black
because she is black well with this it is the
same as you thinking this person is going to get
offended for calling her by the
neutral gender it is your problem
above that if it is the other person
who gets offended when you challenge them
because of the gender of auto which is the gender
to designate non-
specific people it is their problem because they do not know how to
speak their own language it is not yours since
you make good use of it if you take a
Spanish exam and write the
words that have h without h the teacher is
going to give you a zero because because
grammatically orthographically it is
incorrect well this is the same thing he makes
good use of the language which is very simple
if there is okay well according to cheto according to cheto he
calls me he smells the dick because of this of
someone if I have that t-shirt I am
very very good observers of someone
some problem with what this kid has said
be someone thinks that for a
black person it is offensive to tell them
that they are black
and that  world what world do we live in what
world of [ __ ] at what point have we
gone from one extreme to being
straight up [ __ ] I mean when when or how
and why does a black person leave he gets
offended because I tell him he's black that it
offends us I just do
n't understand okay it's
completely absurd it's completely
absurd okay bye a black man is black
period nothing happens
I think we're confusing
one thing here and it's the same word the
same adjective it
's like we're seeing why they
call me boom in hot old men totally
totally you're right but I think we
're confusing ourselves with there being
words that aren't exactly offensive it's
not like they're racist I think
there are words that depend on the context
how you say it
and he gets offended if he understands that you
said it in a derogatory way exactly
exactly it's not the same as me saying
hey I have a black cousin
what to say I don't know if he pronounces it
understood the piece of [ __ ] let's see if he
gets to work what he has to do
is work that
a pu do you
understand I mean I think it depends on
the way  whoever says it if you're
saying it normally today this
person is black or I have a
black cousin hey my neighbor is black how is he going to get
fired
we're talking about [ __ ] now
another thing is that you're saying it in a
derogatory way that is not the case well
but it is the case we're talking about
and Lorena says I don't understand the cheto point
basically he defends that it's
ridiculous to be offended by a letter and
literally it is there are more
important things so I don't understand the
free hey beyond the way the
kid uses which are quite unnecessary
since I'm not in the mood for
renovations he used megamax it didn't
seem respectful to me at all I mean thank you
very much thank you very much you
are welcome look I use
neutral language
manu thank you very much welcome you
see
with me it doesn't surprise anyone I do
n't know what color they were in the second in
the sense that I don't consider them to have
lacked manners I mean he didn't
say anything bad the kid hasn't been rude
in disrespecting anyone
but well look at the one who passes you band and
you'll see  what foot is the bad guy limping
what foot is the bad guy limping on what
feet what foot is limping
what foot are they limping cheto
and he says well I'll have a problem
because I don't see it if you're referring to the
example he gives I understand it as
referring to someone by a name
as long as it's not derogatory it
shouldn't offend because it's a
name and no more okay here
I answer Lorena okay the point of
cheto is to insult for free when he
has no argument and he knows he's
defending a position out of simple
goodwill and when he sees that there's no
way to take it he deletes everything and
apologizes the next day he usually does it
once a month that's the point I mean it's
literally I feel he usually does this
once every two or three literal months I
mean you
can see the history of this channel
search still and it usually happens okay and here
look he calls me and says exactly but
the kid doesn't understand the cheto of che he's
known me for ages and he's definitely
prejudiced because he speaks without arguments
without arguing anything he just messes with me
because yes and  it's already starting except with his
mini video he did this too when
he argued with me and yes and with we hate er
on all the occasions that he has done this he
does the same thing
as the other time that was with the
cndh mass and it wasn't with my saint's day and also
something similar he always does the same thing the
radio this one ends mini videos we're not
going to see what it is what I did
but I'm going to get into it with you because if points a
normal one ends it was said in a beat
me that a black man doesn't care if they
call him black he's listening to you more
but he can't argue it if you
notice he says it because he knows that well the
typical nonsense that progressives say not
the typical nonsense that those who
give well defend no how are you going to call
a black man
racism but he can't argue it I can't argue it
simply nothing
is creating a point his normal ones bad ass
but it's that he and we're going to see it and we're
going to see it at the end of this deal
he himself does not believe in what he is
defending you understand me be when you
I respect the difference of opinions not like
everyone has their own opinion  he feels like it
as long as you really pin them
but he himself doesn't think he doesn't believe what he
's defending okay
the fact of thinking that a black person can be
offended by referring to him as black
is racism maybe you should stop
insulting and think a little before you
speak you're racist if you think that the
black person is going to be offended by saying this and
he answers him is racist referring to
someone by their skin color period
and you don't see it with the chat I didn't hear it with the
chat well it's a tweet of
many in which cheto refers
to people as black or black
okay
with all due respect cheto shouldn't insult
but what a total slip up they start
to argue and he makes more mini video the one who
always does the same thing
literally always the same thing at the
beginning not when it starts they are
moved no what he does he gets into a
move where nobody calls him okay he gets involved he
starts to defend something that he
himself doesn't believe ok since he does
n't know how to argue because he
can't for other things that don't make
sense since he doesn't know how to argue his voice
directly starts to insult he
doesn't get off  donkey for a
while and then the next day when he's gone
all out on Twitter he
goes and apologizes and deletes it okay here he
makes another little video scumbag
and underlined I don't know how much he holds you
but I have no [ __ ] idea who you are you
seem like scum to me and disappears like a [ __ ] thank you so
much visited thank you
so much thank you so much to you does
this
argument seem totally
logical to me we're going to become listen
and churra I don't know how much he holds you
but I have no [ __ ] idea
who you are you seem like scum to me and
disappears like a [ __ ] you tell me what
the turkey has done to him you know and if someone
insults you it's more normal for you to return
the insult although he doesn't have to
lower himself to the same level as him
but you are scum
the score already shut up [ __ ]
stop crying badly I don't give a damn I
[ __ ] on all your
dead points I still don't know who the [ __ ] you are
and you who are you I told you two
years ago dude
you're the blonde's friend
this is what  it happens to make people famous
to people like that because literally
apart from good to look for a little
support when nobody is supporting him
public the ex black curro public fixed
on this despite less let's see what
people are seeing them
literally people are taking
tweets of his often gypsies he was
black happiness of pizza in life
I met a woman just like the skinny
black coral from Havana tremendous mulatto
this I think is a song
a black man acting like him I [ __ ] on the
American industry that clear and I'm
sure he has many more the literal
mind he doesn't believe or think what he is
trying to defend I mean you can't
defend and argue something that you
yourself try to believe
is that you can't believe it okay but
come on
[Music]
here looking for a little support and
then megamax comes and publishes
a conversation that they are having
privately because apparently cheto opens it
privately okay
and calls him cheto well the combination is
longer but it gives me more just
publish this I don't like it very much
because in one part of the conversation he
says listen to me that if I want now I'll
tell you I don't know that in  twitter and
all twitter comes down on you like
who are you really who are you
what do you think they have you like a god
this what happens to be famous people
like that no and le havre md putting what a
park you are made churra and then
here I tell him here I tell him
[Music]
that they tell it to in fact when he
is telling me I tell him that it is
offending because someone calls
someone black someone tells a black person that they are black that is
racist if it offends you
but you can use it for varela I do
n't know if Latin America the best you don't
know but pagella is a synonym it is the same
as the word with m that I can't
say it here
so that the ela the word with m okay
look in fact here I think he put yes okay you
look for the definition similar to a
woman in her person and in her manner and he
is using par that in a derogatory way they
have the balls they have the glasses to
try to defend something or criticize
something that you yourself do and now you go
with all your balls and le havre calling him
pagella
that's how the conversation goes look here
company the conversation
you are white yes it is I am not white nor
is black black
efe
[Laughs]
then what are you
a law of study
that is for the arlem that is to
look for them so that the that of all
life
is difficult I am not white just
reminded me of risto mejide when he started to
say you are calling
women goats [ __ ] act it does not matter it does not
matter and there is nothing wrong with being
something then the Chinese not the Chinese of
course not no [ __ ] [ __ ] my
[ __ ] dead
but to affirm that someone of the black race is
not going to be offended by calling him black
and it
is as if I get offended because they call me
blond
yes it is
being at least presumptuous brother
from back in 2011 is that he wants to
give it to himself like he surrounds himself with people many
times he hangs out with people who say this
type of [ __ ] it is so normal okay like
well that we have always criticized because he
wants to get into his role he does want to
have his role but they have no way to
increase it because not even you believe it
I would respect that  out your opinion
listen well it seems to me that black is
offensive to call someone black
offensive because in truth being brown is
brown and when it is brown because it is not
black then black was a word that was
used as an insult in 1987 no me that
if some argument that can be
invented but that has no argument
because he himself does not think it because
[ __ ]
is that it is [ __ ] me and you are
forum coachman
look for my [ __ ] mother if they take this
conversation out of here they will put you at 4
Joaquin this is what I had mentioned
here thank you very much welcome
Isabel takes it for granted he takes it for granted that
if you take out to buy this combination
if the public one is going to look bad mega max
puts you in addition they put four guys that would
not be derogatory to peers
those that
black is not a nationality or
even a skin color, I
mean dude, in any case it would be redder what you do
n't know, you don't know what I'm
saying and then if that calling him by his
nationality not in Nigerian Senegal
etcetera is not the same as socially it
is  established like that and it is said I
also say it but to affirm that someone
I also say it but to affirm that
someone of race is not going to be offended by
calling him black, I mean you also say it
[Laughs]
where are we going to end up gentlemen please
where are we going to end up
or rather contact
with the rapist from last night
good little group kid you know he was recording
alive in his shower and had a folder with
files no good example dude I
love that all the scum gets together
so here I entered the scene and I
say to Beto with all due respect in the world
I have nothing against this kid
just the hilarious selection
gives the talk no and I say to him I mean according to your
logic a black person has to be offended
because they call him black but you give
a string of insults to a kid who has
not disrespected you because you want to
defend a [ __ ] like
inclusive language and he tells me
you said that not me
inclusive language the name 3 and the
students is [ __ ] but the
[ __ ]
if you weren't defending
inclusive language  why the [ __ ] do they bring up the other stuff no
but the [ __ ] he says about
black people is the best and if I may have the
luxury of insulting them
[Music]
today that you lived in the chicken on youtube he
did a take out yes yes yes yes yes yes it
even gives me funk about meta fa also
a certain mark and crazy things that were good let's
see about marc and madness well if the one who
is supporting martin madness well
everything is correct not as he says the
good thing in the case obviously with other
third parties but the [ __ ] I
did about black people is the best and
if I may have the luxury of insulting it
prevents me like a little kid uncle
prevents me what he looks at look he insulted him and
looking at the bright side today you have
videos that for sure we don't know did
you know at this moment and he tells me and
I tell him of course I'm not asking you for
anything snobby but with your insults you think
that or in front of the kid and you offend
yourself you can debate in another way is
that wanting he thinks that with the
insults he is enjoying the other yes  he
's insulting the other guy but I think he
's offending and putting
megamax in a bad light but the thing is that you're not
making megamax look bad you're making
yourself look bad
and I say to him you can debate another
way and he says I don't want to debate dude
xd
[Music]
and I say you know he's been doing this for an
hour since you've literally been
debating for an hour
like he doesn't want to debate xd I
don't want him to believe that he thinks he's
debating them maybe with a
moderator or something
this is debating I'm sorry for what you're
doing debating
an Andalusian trying to prevent another Andalusian from
losing his art how beautiful it is about
[ __ ] he just put it from above
where I am trying to prevent him from
having art does it seem like art to you to say this
nonsense that he's saying
and he decides to start insulting the kid that's
art
xd
anyway he doesn't answer me by hand he
didn't answer me
and riccheri comes and says to him
but [ __ ] how do you say this to him without
knowing him and without knowing with what intention he made
his point
I have understood that if you  you refer to a
black person as such just because they are black it's
more racist there he turns off his headphones
he hears the sound it
's more racist rai arte thinking that he's
going to be offended than doing it without prejudice just because he is
lately
required and I like him a lot I had to
say it and I said it but it's still not
funny ricky in jokes but oh
well it's okay that 3 that content but
lately I like him man
but none I mean it doesn't make
any sense what he's saying
in black if he says the black man he's going to be
offended because you're telling me he's
black I don't know I don't understand I don't
understand the logic the truth is that if you say it to him
contemptuously
if you say it to him effectively then yes
but oh well and he says quiet I
mean the one that was missing for the collection
of subnormals
so short or the directory it
comes out to me that it is so direct still let's
see update hey well
to me it
comes out that I'm live